docs: add endpoint picker guides (#917)
envoyproxy/ai-gateway: site/docs/capabilities/inference/index.md

---
id: inference
title: Inference Optimization
---

# Inference Optimization

> Envoy AI Gateway provides advanced inference optimization capabilities to enhance the performance, reliability, and efficiency of your AI/LLM workloads. This section covers the intelligent routing and load balancing features that help optimize inference requests across multiple backend endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Envoy AI Gateway offers smart ways to improve the speed and reliability of your AI/LLM tasks. This section explains how it uses intelligent routing and load balancing to manage inference requests across different backend endpoints efficiently.
```

Reviewer: Wanted to provide a simpler introduction to what Inference Optimization is :)
